README.md, before:

# Geometric Pattern Generator

This project is due on the 30th of June and is worth 5 ECTS. It was completed the 21th of June.
It replaces one of our courses as part of our 4th-semester mobility program.

Objective: Build an **interactive web application** that generates **geometric patterns** based on parameters entered by the user.

## Key Features
- Pattern generation using **Turtle graphics**
- Web interface built with **Flask**
- Input fiels for:
    - Number of sides
    - Initial size of the shape
    - Number of repetitions
    - Rotation angle
    - Pattern color
- Display of the result as a generated PNG image
- Responsive design

## To run the pattern generator on your computer 
Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/matrixlnrs/patterns-generator`
cd patterns-generator
```
Run the Flask server:
```
python3 app.py
```
Open your browser and go to:
```
http://127.0.0.1:5000/
```

I've decided to do this project exclusively in English, as it is during our semester abroad.

Commit message:

Last edit made to the README, final version of the project

README.md, after:

# Geometric Pattern Generator

This project is due on the 30th of June and is worth 5 ECTS. It was firstly finished on the 21th of June, but, improvement where made until the 29th of June.
It replaces one of our courses as part of our 4th-semester mobility program.

Objective: Build an **interactive web application** that generates **geometric patterns** based on parameters entered by the user.

## Key Features
- Pattern generation using **Turtle graphics**
- Web interface built with **Flask**
- Input fiels for:
    - Number of sides
    - Initial size of the shape
    - Number of repetitions
    - Rotation angle
    - Pattern color
- Display of the result as a generated PNG image
- History of all the previously generated image
- Responsive design

## To run the pattern generator on your computer 
Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/matrixlnrs/patterns-generator`
cd patterns-generator
```
Run the Flask server:
```
python3 app.py
```
Open your browser and go to:
```
http://127.0.0.1:5000/
```

I've decided to do this project exclusively in English, as it is during our semester abroad.
